Boilerplate text for grant proposals
====================================

Below are various texts which describe our resources, suitable for
inclusion in grant applications an the like.  There are various types
suitable for different purposes.

If you create your own texts and would like to share them, send them
to us.

Focus on Triton
---------------

Computing and modelling are strategic areas of Aalto University. To
support research in these scopes the university is committed to
provide proper hardware resources and supporting personnel on long
term basis. Currently we provide a system with about 5200 computing
cores. The System also contains 27 servers with 2-8 NVIDIA cards for
GPU computing and over 2 PB of fast storage capacity suitable for Big
Data needs. All parts are connected with a fast Infiniband network to
support parallel computing and fast data access. To keep the resources
competitive we annually upgrade the system based on the needs of
researchers.

All resources are integrated with the national resources allowing easy
migration to even larger resources when necessary. These include
e.g. University dedicated OpenStack based cloud resources and access
to thousands of servers via the national computing grid. Furthermore
we provide much preconfigured software and hands on support to make
the usage for researchers as effective as possible. On the personnel
side we have four permanent Ph.D. level staff to keep the system
running and providing teaching and consultation for researchers.
